Deprecate ConnectOptions.eventlistener property (#1285)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

- twilio-video now allows customizing logger using [loglevel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/loglevel) module. With this feature, logs can now be intercepted at runtime to allow real-time processing of the logs which include but not limited to inspecting the log data and sending it to your own server.

> With this change `ConnectOptions`'s `logLevel` property is now deprecated. You can instead use `logger.setLevel` to set the desired log level.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change `ConnectOptions`'s `logLevel` property is now deprecated. You can instead use `logger.setLevel` to set the desired log level.
```

> Additionally  `ConnectOptions`'s `eventListener` property is now deprecated. You can listen for the signaling events by intercepting logger as shown in example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally  `ConnectOptions`'s `eventListener` property is now deprecated. You can listen for the signaling events by intercepting the logger's messages as shown in the example below.
```

    return function (datetime, logLevel, component, message, data) {
      method(datetime, logLevel, component, message, data);

      // check for signaling events that previously were
      // emitted on (now deprecated) eventListener
      if (message === 'event' && data.group === 'signaling') {
        if (data.name === 'waiting') {

>           assert.equal(data.level, 'warning');

Reviewer 2: Should we remove these assertions and provide an example data object instead?

Author: I have now removed the asserts against `data.level` - But I am not sure if we should reproduce the documentation of the events object here. They are documented in https://media.twiliocdn.com/sdk/js/video/releases/2.8.0/docs/global.html
I tried to keep the sample similar to the original one that shows how to use `eventListener`
